get early access to videos and be the first to comment » http://bit.ly/besteverpatreon
follow on instagram for more fun food videos! @besteverfoodreviewshow
ps. this video was recorded before the pandemic.
cảm ơn bạn đã đem ẩm thực của việt nam đến với mọi người, repect
i love your videos
tui
i think you should also visit hanoi city, the traditional cuisine there is excellent and the prices are reasonable. thank you for coming to vietnam
i am from việt nam
please speak vietnamese: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em9wq6vjut4&t=150s
look like he left the india but india doesn't lift him 4:20
welcome to vietnam
yes
11:59
nice video promoting local street food . more videos like in this in near future . looks tasty and delicious hope to visit there someday and try your country street food .
you’re only 26?!
banh bao too fat
việt nam đồ ăn ngon mà rẻ  . anh này ăn cả ngày không hết 100$
9:16 the kho quet dip eaten with crispy rice is used as a dipping sauce finger-sized steamed veggies as well. if a kid is a picky eater who hates carrots or radish or okra etc, give them some kho quet, they will be cured. it’s very easy to make - search for “how to make kho quet”.
mỗi lần xem video về ẩm thực của bạn tôi lại cảm giác thèm ăn
hello 
can you try food in phu yen pls
.
yummy!!!!
love that he eat that shrimpy thing like a indian or arab would have
ai người việt nam thì comment =)
my parents are refugees from thailand and laos but those are closely alike, i think its great to know that people will know more about the food and cultures of these great places
don't wait open u'r restaurant!
southeast asia is the worst place to try the “$100 food challenge” because it’s so affordable by most countries standards.
haha you're a funny guy
love this guys humour,  who is he?
no way i know that road bro
food in vietnam is so cheap.
6:16
100$ in vietnam = the heaven of the food
pork is already bad but raw pork? can anyone say brainworms
tôi là người việt nam và đi rất nhiều nơi trên đất nước của mình nhưng tôi cũng chưa thể biết hết về món ăn của việt nam,  để biết hết có thể phải dành cả 1 đời người, tại vì việt nam thảm thực vật phong phú và mỗi món ăn là sự kết hợp khác nhau của thảo mộc, gia vị và thịt...
cảnh đường phố đẹp quá bạn ơi
most of the processed cheese is likely the laughing cow cheese i bet
ill be in bangkok in febraury 2024 then to vietnam to see my family!!!!!!!
bygones in saigon
bless up.
best food
15:24 i can't believe he found a tumor and called it a ball of meat inside a ball of meat
i’m so jealous of your job . making great trips,eating a lot of nice foods and meeting a lot of beautifull  people
wellcom to viet nam, i can give you the food, free
can a vegan survive in vietnam 
you became a indian person after long time spending for eating with india style
yo im in vietnamese country and the food it very cheap
i laughed when i saw the personal ad that said you were 26 years old. i had to look it up because it seems like you haven't been 26 in over a decade. born in 84? that sounds right. not that i think you look old, but you just aren't an idiot. that was the best clue that you weren't anywhere near 26!
sonny if you take me maybe it will cost 100 dollars 555